Office of the Zonal officer (Planning)

METROPOLITAN CORPORATION LAHORE
WAHGA TOWN LAHORE

no. 158 20(P)/ Dated: 29-03-/2018

BB-16
{Under Sossion 10.4.1)
SANCTION.LET,TERJFOR RESIDENTIAL’ CONSTRUCTION

n of Punjab Local Goverment Act.2001 and the requirements of Buildingy

{under the Provisio!

Zonal Planning By-Laws In force
Building application submitted by Mr.Muhammad Naveed S/o Muhammad

Ramzan for as Build plan of Residential House Building Consisting of Double
Storey Building (Ground Floor,First Floor,Mumty) Having Total Area of Plot
675-Sit Total Covered Area of Plot 1582-Sft At Knewat No.06 Khatoni No.14,15
Salam Khata Qitat-10 Situated At Abadi Hadbast Mouza Tulus Pura Tehsil
Shalimar District Lahore.registred with this Zone vide B.A.No.825-WT-2018
Dated 06-03-2018 has been Sanctioned by competent Authority subject to
following direction:- .
. The sanctioned plans are adhered to absolutely in every particular. —

2. Privacy of adjoining buildings will not be disturbed.

3. The sanction plan shall be kept at site and presented to the authorized building

officials of this Lahore on demand.

4. The date of commencement and completion must be noti
noticed
Inpecter Zone ens pl iced to the Enforcement

5. The applicant shail be bound to construct an underground water / reservoir tank
of storage of water for emergency use,

6. In pursuance of provisions of PLGA 2013, the VALIDITY of this sanctioned Building Pian
shall be for a period of ONE YEAR ONLY starting from the date of sanction. After the
expiry of this period this sanction shall have no effect whatsoever.

7. The level of the ramp will be made lower than the mettled road. A drain will be provided
in the ramp so that the waste water of the building may not come on the road to cause
damage fo it.
8. This Building Plan is sanctioned on the basis of documents submitted by the applicant.

However, this sanction shall be considered as cancelled, if anything found contrary to
these documents and as a result of concealments of facts or Fraud at any stage and if
codal formalities are not followed, . ..
The work.will be completed within twelve months from the date of approval.
9. Responsibility regarding STRUCTURE STABILITY of the building will lie with the
applicant. Entire LIABILITY FOR LOSS OF PROPERTY OR LIFE shail lie with you in
this regard. it shall be your responsibility to use sound building materials, be of good
quality and properly put together so as to ensure safely of the building materials,

The roadside berm will not be made higher than the road running in front of the plot and
a kacha drain will be provided in the berm all along the width of plot for free passage of

rain water.

Scanned with CamScanner