.

i issih i i i ‘IN
Le This Plan is permission for the construction only which is to be cartied out STRICTL
ACCORDANCE with the approval, However, IN_NO_ CASE_ this approval should be
treated ac a proof of title. NO RESPONSIBILITY whatsoever shall fie with this TMA in

the event of any dispute regarding the tille of the property under reference.

The applicant, in pursuance of provisions of PLGA 2001 By -Laws, within 30 days

12.
of the completion of the building shall report to the Zonal Officer (Planning), The
building shall not be put to use before completion certificate has been obtained

from this Zone.

13. The applicant SHALL PAY all charges, balance amount etc. (if any) noticed by the
department itself in the course of routine scrutiny or on the observation/objection of Audit
or made applicable at any subsequent stage.

14. This plan will be automatically cancelled if at any time any breach of law rules / policy is
found, complaint received, direction by the Government in this case Zonal Planning
branch will not be responsible.

15. During the course of construction and in case of any DAMAGE CAUSED to the
adjoining public utility services/roads and private property the damage COST SHALL BE
RECOVERED from you.

16. Proper drainage facilities shall be provided for the disposal of rainwater, Sewerage
connection with WASA will be made at specified WASA main hole as shall be approved
by the WASA. :
17. The construction / Building Works shall be supervised by the REGISTERED
ARCHITECT who has been employed by you and has affixed his seal on the attached
drawings. Where the Registered Architect so employed ceases to be Incharge of
Building Works before the same is completed, further execution of works shall forthwith
be suspended until a fresh appointment is made as required under By-law 4(i). A
CERTIFICATE duly signed by the Registered Architect employed shall be obtained in
token of the work or part of work having satisfactorily done under his supervision.

18. In addition to the Special Conditions mentioned above, the owner/builder shall be bound
to observe the GENERAL CONDITIONS of Building By-Laws.

19. The applicant SHALL_PAY all charges- balance amount act (if any) noticed by the
department itself in the courts of routine scrutiny or on the observation / objection of

audit or made applicable at any subsequent stage.
20. tn Case of any contradiction or violation, the plan approval shall stand to be cancelled

- without any notice. - --—- ~~
foarwelws

ZONAL OFFICER (PLANNING)
WAHGA TOWN LAHORE
Copy to’
1 The Metropolitan Officer (Planning), MC, Lahore
2 All concemed,

Scanned with CamScanner